fix: resolve discriminator defaultMapping into components schemas when bundling (#2736)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/seven-emus-grab.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed an issue where discriminator `defaultMapping` was not resolved when bundling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the `defaultMapping` discriminator was not resolved when bundling.
```

> Fixed an issue where the `defaultMapping` discriminator was not resolved when bundling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the discriminator's `defaultMapping` property was not resolved when bundling.
```
